Docs: Document deprecation of storyshots (#23863)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/writing-tests/test-runner.md

#### Why?

Suppose you run into a situation where the local and remote Storybooks appear out of sync, or you might not even have access to the code. In that case, the `index.json` file is guaranteed to be the most accurate representation of the deployed Storybook you are testing. To test a local Storybook using this feature, use the `--index-json` flag as follows:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

<CodeSnippets
  paths={[
    'common/test-runner-with-index-json.yarn.js.mdx',
    'common/test-runner-with-index-json.npm.js.mdx',
    'common/test-runner-with-index-json.pnpm.js.mdx',
  ]}
/>

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<div class="aside">

💡 The `index.json` mode is not compatible with watch mode.

</div>

If you need to disable it, use the `--no-index-json` flag:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

<CodeSnippets
  paths={[
    'common/test-runner-no-index-json.yarn.js.mdx',
    'common/test-runner-no-index-json.npm.js.mdx',
    'common/test-runner-no-index-json.pnpm.js.mdx',
  ]}
/>

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

#### How do I check if my Storybook has a `index.json` file?

> Index.json mode requires a `index.json` file. Open a browser window and navigate to your deployed Storybook instance (for example, `https://your-storybook-url-here.com/index.json`). You should see a JSON file that starts with a `"v": 3` key, immediately followed by another key called "stories", which contains a map of story IDs to JSON objects. If that is the case, your Storybook supports [index.json mode](../configure/overview.md#feature-flags).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Index.json mode requires a `index.json` file. Open a browser window and navigate to your deployed Storybook instance (for example, `https://your-storybook-url-here.com/index.json`). You should see a JSON file that starts with a `"v": 4` key, immediately followed by another key called "entries", which contains a map of story IDs to JSON objects. If that is the case, your Storybook supports [index.json mode](../configure/overview.md#feature-flags).
```
